Chen Xi, I heard,
You are really doing it lately.
Be afraid. How about a secret place?
I'm afraid I haven't done anything, and when the time comes,
What are you not doing now?
What to do?
Will, come out, come out,
It's out, oh, it looks like it, I'm here to eat,
To those who come to me to eat, to those who come to me to eat, to those who come to me to eat, out, out,
Out, out, out, out, out, out, out,
Out, out, out, out,
Out, out, out,
out, out,
Out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out
out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out
I will definitely change it once and help me sing ok
Just take it off and I'll calm down
can you wake up a little
If water is still alive
Then let us calm down for a long time like this
Find someone else to wait at the hospital
Can't find peace of mind
Go to the country to find
You can’t find it anywhere else in the country.
Everybody come with me